Support for displaying and selecting empty string in the query builder (#278)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/silly-spoons-drum.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-components": minor
---

> - `null` values will no longer be represented as empty fields in the query builder. Instead, building a query for `null` values will only be possible with `isNull` or `isNotNull` operators.
> - Empty strings will be selectable and displayed as _Empty Value_ in the query builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Property value selector in instance filter builder changes:
- `null` values are no longer represented as empty fields - instead, building a query for `null` values should be done using "Is Null" and "Is Not Null" operators.
- Empty strings are selectable and displayed as _Empty Value_ in the selector.
```
